[Large PR] Entire rework of pipelines. (#13308)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/add_new_pipeline.rst

A classic example would be a :obj:`top_k` argument in the post processing in classification tasks.

.. code-block::

    >>> pipe = pipeline("my-new-task")
    >>> pipe("This is a test")
    [{"label": "1-star", "score": 0.8}, {"label": "2-star", "score": 0.1}, {"label": "3-star", "score": 0.05}
    {"label": "4-star", "score": 0.025}, {"label": "5-star", "score": 0.025}]

    >>> pipe("This is a test", top_k=2)
    [{"label": "1-star", "score": 0.8}, {"label": "2-star", "score": 0.1}]

In order to achieve that, we'll update our :obj:`postprocess` method with a default parameter to :obj:`5`. and edit
:obj:`_sanitize_parameters` to allow this new parameter.

.. code-block::

        def postprocess(self, model_outputs, top_k=5)
            best_class = model_outputs["logits"].softmax(-1)
            # Add logic to handle top_k
            return best_class

        def _sanitize_parameters(self, **kwargs)
            preprocess_kwargs = {}
            if "maybe_arg" in kwargs:
                preprocess_kwargs["maybe_arg"] = kwargs["maybe_arg"]

            postprocess_kwargs = {}
            if "top_k" in kwargs:
                preprocess_kwargs["top_k"] = kwargs["top_k"]

>             return preprocess_kwargs, {}, postprocess_kwargs

Author: @LysandreJik

> Implementing a new pipeline

Reviewer: You should add the copyright here.

Author: Done.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First and foremost, you need to decide the raw entries the pipeline will be able to take. It can be strings, raw bytes,
dictionnaries or whatever seems to be the most likely desired input. Try to keep these inputs as pure Python as
possible as it makes compatibility easier (even through other languages via JSON). Those will be the :obj:`inputs` of
the pipeline (:obj:`preprocess`).

> Then define the :obj:`outputs`. Same policy as the :obj:`inputs`. The most simple are better. Those will be the outputs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then define the :obj:`outputs`. Same policy as the :obj:`inputs`. The simpler, the better. Those will be the outputs
```
Slight style proposal

Author: Thanks !

called method as it contains safeguards to make sure everything is working on the expected device. If anything is
linked to a real model it belongs in the :obj:`_foward` method, anything else is in the preprocess/postrocess.

:obj:`postprocess` methods will take the output of :obj:`_forward` and turn it into the final output that were decided
earlier.

:obj:`_sanitize_parameters` exists to allow users to pass any parameters whenever they wish, be it at initialization
time `pipeline(...., maybe_arg=4)` or at call time `pipe = pipeline(...); output = pipe(...., maybe_arg=4)`.

The returns of `_sanitize_parameters` are the 3 dicts of kwargs that will be passed directly to :obj:`preprocess`,
:obj:`_forward` and :obj:`postprocess`. Don't fill anything if the caller didn't call with any extra parameter. That
allows to keep the default arguments in the function definition which is always more "natural".

Try to keep the inputs/outputs very simple and ideally JSON-serializable as it makes the pipeline usage very easy
without requiring users to understand new kind of objects. It's also relatively common to support many different types

> of arguments for ease of use (audio files, can be filenames, URLs or pure bytes)

Reviewer 2: I don't exactly understand how this is supposed to be done for `_sznitize_parameters` - is there a pipeline that could be linked to show an example?

Author: I added an example on how to add a default parameters + edit `_sanitize_parameters`.

Adding it to the list of supported tasks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Go to `src/transformers/pipelines/__init__.py` and fill in :obj:`SUPPORTED_TASKS` with your newly created pipeline. If

Reviewer: Did you want italics here? For code formatting you need two backsticks.

Author: Perfect didn't realize.

possible it should provide a default model.

Adding tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Create a new file `tests/test_pipelines_MY_PIPELINE.py` with example with the other tests.

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: Thanks !
